[DOCS] FDS Topic Quality Review (#7944)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/connecting_to_your_data/connect_to_data_overview.md

### Configure your Datasource

Your existing data systems determine how you connect to each Datasource type. To help you with your Datasource implementation, use one of the GX how-to guides for your specific use case and source data systems.

You configure a Datasource with Python and the GX Fluent Datasource API. A typical Datasource configuration appears similar to the following example:

```python name="tests/integration/docusaurus/connecting_to_your_data/connect_to_your_data_overview add_datasource"
```

The `name` key is a descriptive name for your Datasource. The `add_<datasource>` method takes the Datasource-specific arguments that are used to configure it. For example, the `add_pandas_filesystem` takes a `base_directory` argument in the previous example, while the `context.sources.add_postgres(name, ...)` method takes a `connection_string` that is used to connect to the database.

Call the `add_<datasource>` method in your context to run configuration checks. For example, it makes sure the `base_directory` exists for the `pandas_filesystem` Datasource and the `connection_string` is valid for a SQL database.

> These methods also persist your Datasource to your source data systems. The source data systems depend on your <TechnicalTag tag="data_context" text="Data Context" />. For a File Data Context the changes are persisted to disk, for a Cloud Data Context the changes are persisted to the cloud, and for an Ephemeral Data Context the data remains in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These methods also persist your Datasource to your Data Context. The storage location for a Datasource and its reusability are determined by the <TechnicalTag tag="data_context" text="Data Context" /> type. For a File Data Context the changes are persisted to disk, for a Cloud Data Context the changes are persisted to the cloud, and for an Ephemeral Data Context the data remains in memory and don't persist beyond the current Python session.
```
